README.md, before:

firefox-ui-tests
================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/firefox-ui-tests.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/firefox-ui-tests)

Installation
------------

First make sure you have [pip](http://pip.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installing.html) installed.

It is recommended that [virtualenv](http://virtualenv.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html) and [virtualenvwrapper](http://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) be used in conjunction with firefox-ui-tests. Start by installing these.

Then:

    pip install firefox-ui-tests

Alternatively you may want to clone the repo for development:

    git clone https://github.com/mozilla/firefox-ui-tests.git
    python setup.py develop

If you do not have installed virtualenv and virtualenvwrapper you can also use the create_venv.py script to let it automatically create a virtual environmnet with all the packages installed:

    ./create_venv.py venv
    source venv/bin/activate

The environment creation script allows you to install specific versions of mozbase packages which are known to work by specifying the '--strict' command line option. By using '--with-optional' some
additional packages are getting installed as listed in requirements_optional.txt.

Usage
-----

To run all tests:

    firefox-ui-tests --binary <path to firefox binary>

To run a specific test or directory of tests:

    firefox-ui-tests --binary <path to firefox binary> <path to test or directory>

For more options run:

    firefox-ui-tests --help

Documentation
-------------

Documentation for the puppeteer libraries are hosted on [readthedocs](http://firefox-puppeteer.readthedocs.org/en/latest/).

Commit message:

Bug 1232967 - Update requirements.txt and travis settings to work in both packaged and non-packaged mode. r=maja_zf
(cherry picked from commit 9eaa396c45081d3cd3c60615170e0d89f32c2b19)
(cherry picked from commit cb6e9ecd421c201e00cc9dc2bdafca4f222d4181)

README.md, after:

firefox-ui-tests
================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/firefox-ui-tests.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/firefox-ui-tests)

Installation
------------

First make sure you have [pip](http://pip.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installing.html) installed.

It is recommended that [virtualenv](http://virtualenv.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html) and [virtualenvwrapper](http://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) be used in conjunction with firefox-ui-tests. Start by installing these.

Then:

    pip install firefox-ui-tests

Alternatively you may want to clone the repo for development:

    git clone https://github.com/mozilla/firefox-ui-tests.git
    python setup.py develop

If you want to install everything including fixed versions of dependencies (e.g. for mozbase and marionette packages) as we do in our CI system run the following command:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

There is also a `requirements_optional.txt` file, which will install some optional packages like pep8 and mozdownload.

Usage
-----

To run all tests:

    firefox-ui-tests --binary <path to firefox binary>

To run a specific test or directory of tests:

    firefox-ui-tests --binary <path to firefox binary> <path to test or directory>

For more options run:

    firefox-ui-tests --help

Documentation
-------------

Documentation for the puppeteer libraries are hosted on [readthedocs](http://firefox-puppeteer.readthedocs.org/en/latest/).
